Update how to launch Artifactory CE (#3850)
conan-io/docs: tutorial/conan_repositories/setting_up_conan_remotes/artifactory/artifactory_ce_cpp.rst

There are several ways to run Artifactory CE:

> Running from a Docker image

Reviewer: This is great, but I think what we really want to have is:

- changing our ``downloads`` page, with an updated way to launch Artifactory
- Maybe create our own ``docker compose`` or similar that wraps those details (at least for a quick getting started)?

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> As of Artifactory 7.77, it is mandatory to use an additional SQL database such as

Reviewer 2: "it is mandatory to use an additional SQL database" -> it is a requirement to point Artifactory to a running instance of a SQL server"  (such as...)

> As of Artifactory 7.77, it is mandatory to use an additional SQL database such as

Author: ```suggestion
As of Artifactory 7.77,  it is a requirement to point Artifactory to a running instance of a SQL server such as
```

PostgreSQL, or configure the ``allowNonPostgresql: true`` flag in the ``system.yaml`` file
if you wish to use Derby or another database. You can pass that information via
environment variables directly in the command line:

1. **Using Derby** (with the flag ``allowNonPostgresql: true``):

.. code-block:: bash

>     $ docker run --name artifactory -d -e JF_SHARED_DATABASE_TYPE=derby -e JF_SHARED_DATABASE_ALLOWNONPOSTGRESQL=true -p 8081:8081 -p 8082:8082 releases-docker.jfrog.io/jfrog/artifactory-cpp-ce:7.90.10

Reviewer 2: it's unclear reading this if this allows me to launch it with a single command or not, or if a separate database server (of type derby) is still required to be running.

Author: I can clarify that 👍

2. **Launching PostgreSQL along with Artifactory**

.. code-block:: bash

>     $ docker run --name postgres -itd -e POSTGRES_USER=artifactory -e POSTGRES_PASSWORD=password -e POSTGRES_DB=artifactorydb -p 5432:5432 library/postgres

Reviewer 2: in both cases, it is generally ill advised to pass secrets via the command line invocations, this prints them to the console history file, and the `-e xxx==yyy` arguments are also visible to anybody inspecting running processes IIRC.

Writing them to a file and passing them to docker via `--env-file` may be more secure: https://docs.docker.com/reference/cli/docker/container/run/#env

Alternatively - we may wish to provide a sample docker compose file that would bring up both servers

Author: I wanted to keep things simple, in fact, this part is exactly the same that what you can find in the Artifactory documentation: https://jfrog.com/help/r/jfrog-installation-setup-documentation/install-artifactory-single-node-with-docker 
Maybe we can add a warning about it?

>     $ docker run --name artifactory -d -e JF_SHARED_DATABASE_USERNAME=artifactory -e JF_SHARED_DATABASE_PASSWORD=password -e JF_SHARED_DATABASE_URL=jdbc:postgresql://host.docker.internal:5432/artifactorydb -e JF_SHARED_DATABASE_TYPE=postgresql -e JF_SHARED_DATABASE_DRIVER=org.postgresql.Driver -p 8081:8081 -p 8082:8082 releases-docker.jfrog.io/jfrog/artifactory-cpp-ce:7.90.10

Reviewer 2: Style only, but when writing and reading commands in documentation, I prefer to see the longer versions, e.g `--env` instead of `-e` - because for the unfamiliar, it's unclear what `-d`, `-p`, etc does

Once Artifactory is up and running, access the web UI by navigating to the default URL
`http://localhost:8082 <http://localhost:8082>`_. The default credentials are
``admin:password``.

> For more detailed information, refer to the `official JFrog documentation

Reviewer 2: I would probably mention "including how to persist the configuration and binary directories between container runs" , which is not mention in our docs (but it is in the link)

<https://jfrog.com/help/r/jfrog-installation-setup-documentation/install-artifactory-single-node-with-docker>`_.

> Download and run from a zip file

Author: At least in MacOS I could make it work with the files, although I faced some problems with permissions too.
